Start on Support Tickets and look at the left rail.
p02
The SUPPORT group keeps every support surface in one place,
p03
tickets, knowledge base, alerts, training requests.
p04
Today's stop is System Alerts,
p05
the one feed that pulls infrastructure trouble from every site onto a single page.
p06
Click System Alerts.
p07
One rule before anything else.
p08
Reach this page through the sidebar, never by typing its address.
p09
The direct U-R-L still answers four oh four, while this link renders everything.
p10
The page settles inside the shell, breadcrumb up top,
p11
and four K-P-I tiles waiting across the band.
p12
Read the band left to right.
p13
Three alerts open right now.
p14
Fourteen logged today.
p15
And of the open three, one critical against two warnings.
p16
That single critical is the number that decides whether your coffee waits.
p17
Everything below this band exists to explain these four tiles.
p18
Upper left, Alert Volume.
p19
A year of history on one line, January through December,
p20
one hundred forty eight alerts in all and trending down eight percent.
p21
That slope is the long view.
p22
It is the sentence a quarterly health review wants to write.
p23
Next panel, By Severity.
p24
Four levels.
p25
Info carries fifty eight percent of the traffic, warnings twenty eight,
p26
errors ten, critical just four.
p27
Most of what this feed says is routine noise.
p28
Which is exactly why a critical row deserves your full attention when one shows up.
p29
Then System Health.
p30
Eighty six percent healthy, ten warning, four critical.
p31
Hold on that four.
p32
It matches the critical slice next door, one fact drawn two ways.
p33
When two panels agree like that, you can trust the read.
p34
Scroll to the Alert List.
p35
Six columns carry each alert's story:
p36
when it fired, what kind, how severe, which site, what it said, and whether it is still open.
p37
Two buttons above the table stay untouched.
p38
New Record and Export act on the shared tenant, and a support read never creates an alert.
p39
The pager below counts four rows.
p40
Now the rows, top to bottom.
p41
The critical one is a tunnel alert at M-L-A-S,
p42
conveyor belt tension past its threshold, still active.
p43
Behind it, two warnings:
p44
receipt paper running low on a P-O-S at S-S-N-B,
p45
and a chemical tank under twenty percent at Piscataway.
p46
The last row already resolved, a network failover note.
p47
Three rows still active.
p48
That is the Active Alerts tile, itemized.
p49
That is the whole read.
p50
The band for the instant answer.
p51
The panels for trend and mix.
p52
The list for specifics, which type, at which site, still burning or already out.
p53
When a ticket asks whether an outage is one site or the whole platform,
p54
this page and the Command Center's priority board answer it
p55
before the caller finishes explaining.